 Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
 Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
 An expert is someone who takes a subject you understand and makes it sound confusing.
 Before borrowing money from a friend, decide whether you need more.
 Cheer up, the worst is yet to come. 
 Death is hereditary.
 Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die . 
 Everyone makes mistakes. The trick is to make them when nobody is looking.
 God is real, unless declared integer.
 If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
 Many things can be preserved in alcohol. Dignity is not one of them.
 Never argue with a fool. People might not know the difference.
 There are three sides to every argument: your side, my side and the right side.
 Well done is better than well said.
 When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
 Where there's a will there are five hundred relatives. 
"A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory."
"A word to the wise ain’t necessary, it is the stupid ones who need all the advice."
"Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't."
"Before marriage, a man yearns for the woman he loves. After marriage, the 'Y' becomes silent."
"Cheese… milk's leap toward immortality."
"Chuck Norris frequently donates blood to the Red Cross. Just never his own."
"Constipated People Don't Give A crap."
"Half of the people in the world are below average."
"Ham and eggs - A day's work for a chicken; A lifetime commitment for a pig."
"He's so optimistic he'd buy a burial suit with two pairs of pants."
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying."
"I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
"I'm an excellent housekeeper. Every time I get a divorce, I keep the house."
"It is not MY fault that I never learned to accept responsibility!"
"Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle."
"My wife made me join a bridge club. I jump off next Tuesday."
"Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy."
"One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures." -George W. Bush
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day." - Whinnie The Pooh
"USA Today has come out with a new survey: Apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population."
"When it comes to thought, some people stop at nothing".
"Why does a slight tax increase cost you $200 and a substantial tax cut save you 30 cents?"
"You have a cough? Go home tonight, eat a whole box of Ex-Lax, tomorrow you'll be afraid to cough."
“GOD created the world, everything else is made in china.”
1492: Native Americans discover Columbus lost at sea.
Age is a question of mind over matter. If you don't mind, age don't matter.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Beauty is a light switch away……………..
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you’ll be a mile from them, and you’ll have their shoes.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that people who have the most, live the longest
Change is good, but dollars are better.
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Children in the back seat cause accidents… accidents in the back seat cause children!
Death is hereditary.
Don't play stupid with me...I'm better at it. 
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are Footprints on the moon…
Error. No keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
Evening news is where they start by saying “Good Evening” and proceed by telling you why it’s not.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
everyone hates me because I'm paranoid
Experience is what you get when you didn’t get what you wanted.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
He who laughs last, didn't get it.
Heaven won't take me and hell's afraid I'll take over. - rachel
hey occifer i swear to drunk im not as god as you think i am
Horse sense is a good judgment which keeps horses from betting on people.
How do you know when you are too drunk to drive? When you swerve to miss a tree then realize it was your air-freshener.
How is it that “fat chance” and “slim chance” mean the same thing?
Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home.
I can only please one person per day. Today isn't your day...and tomorrow don't look good either. - ReDdeRs
I don’t suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
I get enough exercise pushing my luck.
I got a gun for my wife, best trade I’ve ever made.
I poured Spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
I stopped fighting my inner demons, were on the same side now.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather … Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
I’d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
if Barbie is so popular then y do we buy her friends and boyfriends?
If there is a "WILL", there are 500 relatives.
If you can’t live without me, Why aren’t you dead yet?
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on.
It is a damned poor mind indeed that can't think of at least two ways of spelling any word.
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.
Join The Army, Visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
Just remember... if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off. - Trevor Myers
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs harder
Man who goes to bed with an itchy butt … wakes up with a stinky finger!
Men are like parking stalls. All the good ones are taken and the rest are handicapped!!
People have the right to be stupid. Some people abuse that privilege.
People that don't know me think I'm shy. People that do know me wish I were. 
Practice doesn't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you? - Roxy Quiksilver
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver
Solution to 2 of the world’s problem. Feed the Homeless to the hungry.
Someday your prince charming will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is too stubborn to ask for directions.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.
The next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water 
The only good thing about going bra-less at my age is that it pulls the wrinkles right out of my face.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. - Mark Twain
The road to success is always under construction.
The sex was so good even the neighbors had a cigarette.
there are three kinds of people in this world those who can count and those who cant
There’s no I in Team, yeah but there is in WIN
This sentence is a lie.
Those who criticize our generation seem to forget who raised it!
Those who throw dirt only lose ground
To all you virgins, thanks for nothing.
We are Microsoft. Resistance Is Futile. You Will Be Assimilated.
We live in an age where pizza gets to your home before police.
Wear short sleeves! Support your right to bare arms!
Well-behaved women rarely make history
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
When life gives you melons… you might be dyslexic !
when life hands you lemons make lemonade and find someone eles who life handed them vodka and have a party
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
whoever said nothing is imposible, never tried slamming a revolving door!!!
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
why do they sterilize the needles for lethal injections.
You couldn't get a clue during the clue mating season in a field full of horny clues if you smeared your body with clue musk and did the clue mating dance.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
You laugh because I’m different…I laugh cause I just farted!
You never truly understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother
You’re just jealous because the voices only talk to me.