Blessed are you who have believed, because what the Lord has told you will be fulfilled!
For God nothing is impossible!
Let the oceans roar and foam!
Let the mountains tremble as the waters rise!
Be still and know that I am God! Every nation will honor me. I will be honored throughout the world.
Resist! God knows what he's doing.
I praise you because I am an admirable creation! Your works are wonderful, and I know this very well!
What do you mean yes I can "? Jesus asked. Everything is possible if one believes.
What will we say in the face of this? If God is for us, who can be against us?
And who can win this battle against the world? Only those who believe that Jesus is the Son of God.
What do you mean,‘ If I can ’? Jesus asked. "Anything is possible if a person believes."
… I am not alone because the Father is with me.
… I am not alone, because the Father is with me. (John 16:32 NLT)
Despite the difficulties we have, we must remember and trust that God has a plan for us, we just have to be faithful to him; Keeping this in mind is an infinite source of motivation to never give up.
Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Sinners, clean your hands! You the unstable, purify your heart!
Also, the Holy Spirit helps us in our weakness. For example, we do not know what God wants us to ask in prayer, but the Holy Spirit prays for us with groans that cannot be expressed in words.
To acquire wisdom is to love yourself; those who treasure understanding will prosper.
Now, faith is the guarantee of what is expected, the certainty of what is not seen.
Now we know that God works all things for the good of those who love him, those who have been called according to his purpose.
At the start of your day
I have set the Lord continually before me; because it is at my right hand, I will stand firm.
Rejoice in hope, show patience in suffering, persevere in prayer.
Feed your faith, starve your doubts.
And if God cares so wonderfully for wildflowers that are here today and thrown into the fire tomorrow, he will certainly care for you. Why do you have so little faith?
And my God will meet all your needs according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus.
and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.
And the Holy Spirit helps us in our weakness. For example, we don't know what God wants us to pray for. But the Holy Spirit prays for us with groanings that cannot be expressed in words.
And we are confident that he hears us whenever we ask for anything that pleases him. And since we know he hears us when we make our requests, we also know that he will give us what we ask for.
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
And who can win this battle against the world? Only those who believe that Jesus is the Son of God.
And win your battles through faith.
He who says I am alone ... had never heard God who is always with him.
Those who leave everything in the hand of God will eventually see the hand of God in everything.
So keep your faith in the God above, and faith in the righteous truth, that will lead you back to absent love, and to the joys of a fading youth.
So my God will provide you with everything you need, according to the glorious riches that you have in Christ Jesus.
So don't worry about tomorrow, because tomorrow will bring its own worries. Today's problems are enough for today.
So we can confidently say: “The Lord is the one who helps me; I will not fear. What can a mere mortal do to me? "
So, be strong and courageous, you who put your hope in the Lord!
Even when I pass through the darkest valley, I will not fear, because you are by my side. Your rod and your staff protect and comfort me.
Although our health ends, God strengthens our hearts as this motivating verse teaches.
Even if they stumble, they will never fall, because the Lord holds them by the hand.
Be faithful in little things, for in them your strength lies. To the good God nothing is little, because He is so great and we are so small.
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.
Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.
Be still, and know that I am God! I will be honored by every nation. I will be honored throughout the world.
Because God created you and Christ has made you acceptable, don't worry about what other people say about you. God is with you and he is for you. God will never leave you.
Professional biochemist, leader in the spiritual healing movement, and author
Blessed is she who has believed that the Lord would fulfill his promises of her to her!
Look for God. Trust in God. Praises God.
To seek his will is to seek his ways.
-6: "Trust in God, seek his will, he will show you the way." in our collection of:
We destroy arguments and every arrogance that rises against the knowledge of God, and we take every thought captive to submit to Christ.
Happy is he who has true faith as this motivating phrase from the Bible teaches.
God is our refuge and our strength; he is always ready to help in times of difficulty.
God is everywhere, so he prays anywhere.
God is fighting your battles, working things out in your favor and opening a way even when you don't see a way.
God is always there for us, even when we have difficult problems he does not abandon us, this phrase can give us motivation to give him our problems and remaining open to him allow him to help us.
God did not bring you that far to abandon you.
God takes care of us and frees us from all evil, let us preach his word.
God gives us difficulties to bring out the best in us.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
God gave us the ability to do, not just try
God never said that the journey would be easy, but He did say that the arrival would be worth it.
God is never late and rarely early. He is always exactly on time — her his time.
God is never late, we are just impatient.
God is never late. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
God never takes something out of your life without replacing it with something better.
God who gave us free will is willing to guide our way if we turn to him and this phrase can give us motivation to do it continuously.
God always has something for you. A key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every pain, a plan for every morning.
God has the power to heal our past and bless our future.
God has a purpose behind every problem. He uses circumstances to develop our character.
God has a purpose for your pain, a reason for your struggle, and a reward for your faithfulness. Trust Him and don't give up.
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust his will.
Disappointments are just God's way of saying, "I've got something better." So be patient, have faith, trust God, and live your life.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. You believe in God; believe also in me.
Do not strive in your own strength; cast yourself at the feet of the Lord Jesus, and wait upon Him in the sure confidence that He is with you, and works in you. Strive in prayer; let faith fill your heart-so will you be strong in the Lord, and in the power of His might of him.
Don’t worry about other people’s opinions of you. God never told you to impress people; only to love them.
Where God guides, He provides. No matter how things look, God is still in control. Be in peace and have hope. Your blessing will come soon.
Where my strength ends, God's begin.
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you're not willing to move your feet.
The man propose and God dispose.
He who kneels before God can stand before any man.
The remedy for discouragement is the Word of God. When you feed your heart and mind with the truth of it, you regain your perspective and find renewed strength.
The Lord God is my strength and my song; he has given me victory.
The Lord directs the steps of the righteous; he delights in every detail of his life.
The Lord will guide you always; He will satisfy you in parched lands, and strengthen your bones.
The biblical motivational text teaches us that we can trust that God hears us and will give us what we ask for when it is something that is pleasing to him.
The verse reminds us that we are always free to turn to God in faith.
Founding businessman of the American Ford company
In him, through faith, we enjoy freedom and confidence to draw close to God.
In this sentence we can find motivation to change our perspective about problems, to see them as the means by which God helps us to be better and to trust him.
teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And I assure you that I will be with you always, until the end of the world.
Then Jesus said to the disciples:
Surrender to the Lord everything you do; Trust him, and he will help you.
It is time to let the love of God cover all things in your life. All the secrets. All the wounds. All the hours of evil, minutes of worry ... Her love for him covers all things.
I heard your prayer, trust my time. -God
This biblical motivational phrase reminds us that we can approach God to make our proposals, however, he will only give us what is agreeable to him and that he disposes.
This motivating phrase from the Bible invites us to reflect on the fact that God does not leave even the smallest living being helpless.
-6: "Trust in God, seek his will, he will show you the way." in our collection of:
We destroy arguments and every arrogance that rises against the knowledge of God, and we take every thought captive to submit to Christ.
Happy is he who has true faith as this motivating phrase from the Bible teaches.
God is our refuge and our strength; he is always ready to help in times of difficulty.
God is everywhere, so he prays anywhere.
God is fighting your battles, working things out in your favor and opening a way even when you don't see a way.
God is always there for us, even when we have difficult problems he does not abandon us, this phrase can give us motivation to give him our problems and remaining open to him allow him to help us.
God did not bring you that far to abandon you.
God takes care of us and frees us from all evil, let us preach his word.
God gives us difficulties to bring out the best in us.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
God gave us the ability to do, not just try
God never said that the journey would be easy, but He did say that the arrival would be worth it.
God is never late and rarely early. He is always exactly on time — her his time.
God is never late, we are just impatient.
God is never late. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
God never takes something out of your life without replacing it with something better.
God who gave us free will is willing to guide our way if we turn to him and this phrase can give us motivation to do it continuously.
God always has something for you. A key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every pain, a plan for every morning.
God has the power to heal our past and bless our future.
God has a purpose behind every problem. He uses circumstances to develop our character.
God has a purpose for your pain, a reason for your struggle, and a reward for your faithfulness. Trust Him and don't give up.
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust his will.
Disappointments are just God's way of saying, "I've got something better." So be patient, have faith, trust God, and live your life.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. You believe in God; believe also in me.
Do not strive in your own strength; cast yourself at the feet of the Lord Jesus, and wait upon Him in the sure confidence that He is with you, and works in you. Strive in prayer; let faith fill your heart-so will you be strong in the Lord, and in the power of His might of him.
Don’t worry about other people’s opinions of you. God never told you to impress people; only to love them.
Where God guides, He provides. No matter how things look, God is still in control. Be in peace and have hope. Your blessing will come soon.
Where my strength ends, God's begin.
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you're not willing to move your feet.
The man propose and God dispose.
He who kneels before God can stand before any man.
The remedy for discouragement is the Word of God. When you feed your heart and mind with the truth of it, you regain your perspective and find renewed strength.
The Lord God is my strength and my song; he has given me victory.
The Lord directs the steps of the righteous; he delights in every detail of his life.
The Lord will guide you always; He will satisfy you in parched lands, and strengthen your bones.
The biblical motivational text teaches us that we can trust that God hears us and will give us what we ask for when it is something that is pleasing to him.
The verse reminds us that we are always free to turn to God in faith.
Founding businessman of the American Ford company
In him, through faith, we enjoy freedom and confidence to draw close to God.
In this sentence we can find motivation to change our perspective about problems, to see them as the means by which God helps us to be better and to trust him.
teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And I assure you that I will be with you always, until the end of the world.
Then Jesus said to the disciples:
Surrender to the Lord everything you do; Trust him, and he will help you.
It is time to let the love of God cover all things in your life. All the secrets. All the wounds. All the hours of evil, minutes of worry ... Her love for him covers all things.
I heard your prayer, trust my time. -God
This biblical motivational phrase reminds us that we can approach God to make our proposals, however, he will only give us what is agreeable to him and that he disposes.
This motivating phrase from the Bible invites us to reflect on the fact that God does not leave even the smallest living being helpless.
or that faith means trusting beforehand what will only make sense the other way around.
He who kneels before God, can stand before any man.
He who says I'm alone… had never listened to God who is always with him.
Hold on! God knows what he's doing.
How meaningful are the words, "in Christ."
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you’re grateful, you’ll see God open up new doors.
I have learned that faith means trusting in advance what will only make sense in reverse.
I heard your prayer, trust my timing. —God
I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.
I keep my eyes always on the Lord. With him at my right hand, I will not be shaken.
I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works are wonderful, I know that full well.
I will be with you.
I will be your God throughout your lifetime— until your hair is white with age. I made you, and I will care for you. I will carry you along and save you.
If God called us to a task, He will then qualify us for the job.
If only we would learn every day of our lives to overcome those things in our character which are negative, to let go and let God take them over, we would all know what it was to experience harmonious living.
If you are faithful in little things, you will be faithful in large ones. But if you are dishonest in little things, you won't be honest with greater responsibilities.
In him and through faith in him we may approach God with freedom and confidence.
Even when we doubt, God believes in us and never gives up on us.
It’s time to let God’s love cover all things in your life. All secrets. All hurts. All hours of evil, minutes of worry .... His love de el covers all things.
Jesus looked at them and said, "With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible."
Keep the faith. The vision is always for the appointed time. Be patient, prayerful and wait for the fulfillment of your visions.
Keep your head up. God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers from him.
The Bible mentions that we should be brave and strong, always keeping our faith firm (1 Corinthians 16:13), and this motivational phrase from God can be valuable to remember during a bad situation.
Faith in God will take you to the next level of blessings.
Faith is trusting God even when you don't understand his plan.
Prayer exercises your willpower and gives God authority to work in your life. Prayer relieves the stress of perceived inactivity. Now that God has been given the task, you no longer have to worry about it. God has his people in it. With less stress comes more strength. Prayer transfers the burden to God and lightens your burden.
Prayer doesn't change God, but it changes whoever prays.
The Word of God is limitless and infinite.
The truth is, it doesn't matter who you are or what you've done. Jesus understands all your suffering, all your pain, all your loss, all your temptations and all your struggles.
Disappointments are simply God's way of saying, "I have something better." So be patient, have faith, trust God, and live your life.
the flames will not consume you.
The happiest people I know are the ones who have learned how to hold everything loosely and have turned over the worrying, stress-filled, and terrifying details of their lives into God's custody.
The temptations you face in your life are no different from what others go through. And God is faithful; he will not allow the temptation to be greater than they can bear. When tempted, he will show you a way out, so that you can resist.
Let go of what the culture tells you that you should be. Let God's word give you direction for your life, and let His word be encouragement for each day of our lives.
Let God guide you In all that you do.
Let God’s promises shine on your problems.
Let the mountains tremble as the waters surge!
Let the oceans roar and foam.
Let your faith be bigger than your fear.
Those who walk with God always reach their destination.
Those who do good
Then Jesus said: Come to me, all you who are weary and carry heavy loads, and I will give you rest.
Keep the faith. Vision is always for the appointed time. Be patient, prayerful and wait for the fulfillment of your visions.
Keep your head up. God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers.
Stay alert; stand firm in the faith; be brave and strong.
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
I find myself happy with simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.
My mandate is: “Be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged, because the Lord your God is with you wherever you go ”.
Look, God has come to save me. I will trust him and I will not be afraid.
My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my por tion forever.
My God shelter me with your mantle, dust off my eyes, and clear my mind so that I can clearly see and understand the plans you have for me.
Nobody is perfect, if we can recognize our own negative character traits, then we can apply the wise advice of this phrase, which motivates us to practice "letting go and letting God take over."
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
Never let a bad situation bring out the worst in you. Choose to stay positive and be the strong person that God created you to be.
Never stop praying.
Never underestimate the power of Faith because when nothing seems possible, Faith makes it possible.
No matter what our problem is, God is the solution.
No matter what storm you face, know that God loves you. He has not abandoned you.
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you are not willing to move your feet.
Don't fight in your own strength; Throw yourself at the feet of the Lord Jesus, and wait for Him with the certainty that He is with you and works in you. Be strong in prayer; let faith fill your heart, so you will be strong in the Lord and in the power of his strength.
No matter what our problem, God is the solution.
No matter what storm you face, you need to know that God loves you. He has not abandoned you.
Do not be distressed. Trust God, and trust me too.
Don't worry about other people's opinions of you. God never told you that you should impress people; just love them.
you will not burn;
Nothing is impossible for God!
Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.
Never stop praying.
Never let a bad situation bring out the worst in you. Choose to stay positive and be the strong person that God created you to be.
There is never a time when God is not in control. Just relax! He has you covered.
Never underestimate the power of faith because when nothing seems possible, faith makes it possible.
Never be afraid to entrust an unknown future to a known God.
Obviously, I'm not trying to win the approval of people, but of God. If pleasing people were my goal, I would not be Christ’s servant.
Outside of Christ, I am empty; in Christ, I am full.
Outside of Christ, I am only a sinner, but in Christ, I am saved.
Outside of Christ, I am weak; in Christ, I am strong.
Outside of Christ, I cannot; in Christ, I am more than able.
Outside of Christ, I have been defeated; in Christ, I am already victorious.
For men it is impossible, Jesus clarified, staring at them, "but for God everything is possible."
To remember that God cares for us from the beginning to the end of our days.
To have motivation in a new beginning that God has given us to be careful not to repeat old mistakes that for example may come from old habits.
Fight your battles through prayer
We will stand firm in our faith, because we have God by our side.
Let God direct every step we take and help us get up when we fall, as this inspiring verse teaches.
But the Lord was by my side and gave me strength, so that I could preach the Good News in all its fullness, so that all the Gentiles would hear it. And he saved me from certain death.
But the Lord said to Samuel, "Don't be impressed by his appearance or height, for I have rejected him." People look at appearances, but I look at the heart.
But as for you, be strong and courageous because your work will be rewarded.
But ask with faith, without doubting, because whoever doubts is like the waves of the sea, agitated and carried from one side to another by the wind.
Persist, you will overcome everything, because God is with you.
Persist, you will get ahead in everything, because God is with you.
My body and spirit may fail, but God strengthens my heart; he is my eternal inheritance.
Put GOD in your present to heal your past and bless your future.
Put your hope in the Lord; have courage, take courage; Put your hope in the Lord!
Put all your worries and anxieties in the hands of God, because he cares for you.
Get on your knees and pray.
That is why I rejoice in weaknesses, insults, deprivations, persecutions and difficulties that I suffer for Christ; because when I am weak, then I am strong.
Therefore, we will not fear when earthquakes come and mountains collapse into the sea.
Therefore, you are no longer strangers or foreigners, but fellow citizens of the saints and members of God's family.
Because God created you and Christ has made you acceptable, don't worry about what other people say about you. God is with you and he is for you. God will never leave you.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
Prayer exercises your willpower and gives God authority to work in your life. Prayer relieves the stress of perceived inactivity. Now that God has been given the task, you don't have to worr
and about it any longer. God has his people from him on it. With less stress comes more strength. Prayer transfers the burden to God and lights your load.
We may not see it now, but God is in control and has a reason for everything.
It can be valuable to sincerely reflect on this phrase to question whether we are determined to act or make changes in our lives before asking God for guidance.
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and shyness but of power, love and self-discipline.
Well, we live by what we believe and not by what we see.
Well, I know the plans I have for you, ”says the Lord. They are plans for the good and not for the bad, to give them a future and hope.
Put GOD in your present so he can heal your past and bless your future.
May the God of hope fill you who believe in him with all joy and peace, so that you may overflow with hope through the power of the Holy Spirit.
It is clear that it is not my intention to win the favor of the people, but that of God. If my goal were to please people, I would not be a servant of Christ.
he will be caught in his own trap.
Dear God, today I leave everything in your hands.
Who makes an honest man sin
We may not be able to understand his wisdom but we can gratefully accept his will. Note: in some places they quote Psalms 37: 5 with this phrase, but it does not correspond to the verse.
they will receive good as a reward.
Comforting phrase to motivate us to allow God's love to cover everything and heal our lives.
Remembering the goodness of God in the past will help us in the seasons when it is more difficult to see him.
Remembering the goodness of God in the past, will help us in seasons where it's harder to see Him.
Be faithful in the little things, because in them resides your strength. For the good Lord nothing is small, because He is so great and we are so small.
See, God has come to save me. I will trust in him and not be afraid.
Seek God. Trust God. Praise God.
Seek the Kingdom of God above all else, and live righteously, and he will give you everything you need.
You will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring whose waters are never exhausted.
If we fully trust God then we have nothing to fear.
If we put all our hope in the Lord we will be filled with courage and courage as this motivating phrase from the Bible teaches.
If God cares so wonderfully for the wildflowers that are there today and tomorrow they are thrown into the fire, rest assured that he will take care of you. Why do they have so little faith?
If God called us to a task, then he will equip us for the job.
If you are faithful in small things, you will be faithful in big things; But if they are dishonest in the little things, they will not act honestly in the bigger responsibilities.
If we only learned every day of our lives to overcome the negative things in our character, to let go and let God take care of them, we would all know what it is like to experience a harmonious life.
Yes, we were given free will to choose how to be, but we can still go back to whoever gave it to us for guidance on how to use it.
Simply because there is no better guide.
Without a doubt a great motivating thought about prayer and its benefits, since it is the means to allow God to work in our lives.
So be strong and courageous, all you who put your hope in the Lord!
So don’t worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will bring its own worries. Today’s trouble is enough for today.
So keep your faith in the God above, and faith in the righteous truth, it shall bring you back to the absent love, and the joys of a vanished youth.
So we say with confidence, “The Lord is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can mere mortals do to me? "
So we will not fear when earthquakes come and the mountains crumble into the sea.
Have faith in God. I tell you the truth, you can say to this mountain: “Get up and throw yourself into the sea”, and it will happen; but they must truly believe that it will happen and have no doubts in their hearts. I tell you, you can pray for anything and if you think you have received it, it will be yours.
That is why, for Christ’s sake, I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.
the flames will not consume you.
The happiest people I know are the ones who have learned how to hold everything loosely and have given the worrisome, stress-filled, fearful details of their lives into God's keeping.
The Lord directs the steps of the godly. He delights in every detail of their lives. Though they stumble, they will never fall, for the Lord holds them by the hand.
The Lord God is my strength and my song; he has given me victory.
The Lord will guide you always; he will satisfy your needs in a sun-scorched land and will strengthen your frame.
The one who gets wisdom loves life; the one who cherishes understanding will soon prosper.
The remedy for discouragement is the Word
of God. When you feed your heart and mind with its truth, you regain your perspective and find renewed strength.
The temptations in your life are no different from what others experience. And God is faithful. He will not allow the temptation to be more than you can stand. When you are tempted, he will show you a way out so that you can endure.
The truth is that it doesn't matter who you are or what you have done. Jesus understands all your pain, all your hurt, all your loss, all your temptations, and all your struggles.
The Word of God is limitless and infinite.
Then Jesus said to the disciples, “Have faith in God. I tell you the truth, you can say to this mountain, ‘May you be lifted up and thrown into the sea,’ and it will happen. But you must really believe it will happen and have no doubt in your heart. I tell you, you can pray for anything, and if you believe that you've received it, it will be yours.
Then Jesus said: Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest.
Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
There is never a moment when God is not in control. Relax! He’s got you covered.
There is surely a future hope for you, and your hope will not be cut off.
This is my command — be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.
Those who leave everything in God’s hand will eventually see God’s hand in everything.
Those who plan to hurt good people will fall into their own traps, but good things will happen to those who are good.
Those who walk with God, always reach their destination.
To clasp the hands in prayer is the beginning of an uprising against the disorder of the world.
To humans belong the plans of the heart, but from the Lord comes the proper answer of the tongue.
To seek His will from him is to search for His ways from him.
I can do everything in Christ who strengthens me.
Whatever you do, do it from the heart, as for the Lord and not for men.
We all have challenges to overcome, battles to fight or goals to achieve and this phrase gives us motivation to use the 2 best means we have to achieve everything, which are prayer and faith.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart; do not depend on your own understanding. Seek his will de el in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.
Trust that God will put the right people in your life at the right time and for the right reasons.
Joining hands in prayer is the beginning of an uprising against the disorder of the world.
Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord.
Walk with God He is the one who will keep you on track.
We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God, and we take captive every thought to make it obedient to Christ.
We may not see it now but God is in control and has a reason for everything.
What are you waiting for? Get up and be baptized. Have your sins washed away by calling on the name of the Lord.
What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us?
Whatever work you do, do it with all your heart. Do it for the Lord and not for men.
When a chapter of the book of your life has finished, instead of being sad, cheer up, because God already has the next one ready for you!
When God gives you a new beginning, don't repeat the old mistakes.
When I called, you answered me; you greatly emboldened me.
When problems are so big and your strength is no longer enough to carry them, don't give up for where your strength ends, the grace of God begins.
When you are thinking of doing something that is essentially good, then do not hesitate to start, trust that God will provide you with everything you need along the way.
When you don't know what to do, go back to the places, the people and the promises where you know you last heard God.
When you go through deep waters,
When you go through rivers of difficulty,
When you walk through the fire of oppression,
When you've done everything you can do, that's when God will step in and do what you can't do.
Where God guides, He provides. No matter how things look, God is still in control. Stay in peace and be hopeful. Your blessing is coming soon.
Where my strength ends, God's strength begins.
With God, you are stronger than your struggles and more fierce than your fears. God provides comfort and strength to those who trust in Him. Be encouraged, keep standing, and know that everything's going to be alright.
And now what are you waiting for? Get up, be baptized and wash from your sins, calling on his name.
And they will know the truth, and the truth will set them free.
And we are sure that he hears us every time we ask him for something that pleases him; And since we know that he hears us when we make our requests, we also know that he will give us what we ask for.
And he wins your battles by faith.
Yes, we were given the free-will to choose how to be, but we can still go back to the one who g
ave it to us for guidance on how to use it.
I'll be with you.
I will be their God throughout their lives, until they are gray with age. I made them and will take care of you; I will hold them and save them.
You should be courageous, not because of who you are and what you've done, but because of who God is and what He has done!
You will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring whose waters never fail.
you will not be burned up;
you will not drown.